README.md, before:

Musseta
===
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/longkai/Musseta.svg?branch=dev)](https://travis-ci.org/longkai/Musseta)

### A nice way to write an Android app :smiley:
Currently, it simply fetches the top stories form **Hacker News** with its official API.

It may be changed at anytime with any nice idea :punch:

Docs will come soon :relaxed:

Thanks for starring or participating :innocent:

__NOTE: THIS IS STILL IN THE EXPERIMENT PROCESS :grey_exclamation:__

![Screenshot](art/snapshot.png)

### Requirement
1. JDK 7+
2. Android Studio(1.0+)
3. Android SDK API level >= 21(Lollipop)

### How to build
1. Checkout the source code
2. Import into Android Studio
3. Run app.

Or, you could use gradle commandline, the apk will output in ``app/build/outputs/apk/``

```sh
# if you want to sign the app, use your own signing config with assembleRelease command!
# path/to/Musseta/app
$ ../gradlew clean assembleDebug
```

### License
```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 HeisenbergLab

The software shall be used for good, not evil.
```

Commit message:

Version 0.2.0 :smiley:
Update README and bring bintray archive download.

README.md, after:

Musseta
===
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/longkai/Musseta.svg?branch=master)][CI] [![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/longkai/dl/Musseta/images/download.svg)](https://bintray.com/longkai/dl/Musseta/_latestVersion)

### A place to explore and learn
![Banner](art/banner.jpg)

The app focus on architect and testing.

Currently, it simply fetches the top stories form **Hacker News** with its official API. It' s under heavily development and more features is on the way :)

It may be changed at anytime with any nice idea :punch:

### Screenshot
![Screenshot](art/screenshot.jpg)

### Note
For some reason(especially the emulator), the [travis-ci][CI] might build failed. However, each commit has been passed locally.

### TODO
A series of articles which describe how the app architecting and testing.

### Thanks
Many thanks to the community and some of my friends who support the project. It cannot build without you, thx!

### License
```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 longkai, HeisenbergLab

The software shall be used for good, not evil.
```

[CI]: https://travis-ci.org/longkai/Musseta
